Histogram
 Illustrates how pixels in an image are distributed by graphing the number of pixels at each color intensity level. The histogram shows detail in the shadows (shown in the left part of the histogram), midtones (shown in the middle), and highlights (shown in the right part) A histogram can help you determine whether an image has enough detail to make a good correction.
 <https://helpx.adobe.com/photoshop/using/viewing-histograms-pixel-values/_jcr_content/main-pars/image_0.img.png/ct_01.png>
 A. Overexposed photo B. Properly exposed photo with full tonality C. Underexposed photo
Adjustment
 Brightness & Contrast
  Brightness refers to the absolute value of colors (tones) lightness/darkness. Increasing brightness of an image will light out all colors so the original light ones will become up to white. Reversely, decreasing brightness will darken all colors so the original shaded ones will become up to black.
  Contrast is the distinction between lighter and darker areas of an image, and it rerefers to making more obvious the objects or details within an image. Increasing contrast on an image will increase the difference between light and dark areas so light areas will become lighter and dark areas will become darker. Reversely, decreasing the contrast will make lighter and darker areas stay approximately the same but the overall image becomes more “flat” and starts looking as if it were “washed out”
 Hue & Saturation
  Hue — another word for color
  Saturation (chroma) — the intensity or purity of a hue. Lesser saturation, more is the greyishness. More saturation, more the intensity of color
  Lightness (value) — the relative degree of black or white mixed with a given hue
 Color Balance
  Color balance is the global adjustment of the intensities of the colors (typically red, green, and blue primary colors)
  Use it to adjust red offset, green offset and blue offset
 Color Vibrance
  Vibrance is more like Saturation
  Vibrance is a smart-tool which cleverly increases the intensity of the more muted colors and leaves the already well-saturated colors alone. It’s sort of like fill light, but for colors. Vibrance also prevents skin tones from becoming overly saturated and unnatural
 Levels
  Used to adjust intensity levels of image shadows(dark tone), midtones, and highlights(light tone).
  If you move the black point slider to the right at level 5, Photoshop maps all the pixels at level 5 and lower to level 0. Similarly, if you move the white point slider to the left at level 243, Photoshop maps all pixels at level 243 and higher to level 255. The mapping affects the darkest and lightest pixels in each channel. The corresponding pixels in the other channels are adjusted proportionately to avoid altering the color balance.
  <https://helpx.adobe.com/au/photoshop/using/levels-adjustment/_jcr_content/main-pars/procesure_0/proc_par/step_3/step_par/image_0.img.png/ct_09.png>
  The shadows expand to fill the tonal range from Black-Point-Slider to Midtone-Point-Slider, and the highlights are compressed. Moving the middle Input slider to the right makes the image darker.
 Curves
  In the Curves adjustment, you adjust points throughout an image’s tonal range. 
  Initially, the image’s tonality is represented as a straight diagonal line on a graph. When adjusting an RGB image, the upper-right area of the graph represents the highlights and the lower-left area represents the shadows. 
  The horizontal axis of the graph represents the input levels (original image values) and the vertical axis represents the output levels (new adjusted values). 
  Moving a point either down or to the right maps the Input value to a lower Output value, and the image darkens. To lighten the shadows, move a point near the bottom of the curve upward. Moving a point either up or to the left maps a lower Input value to a higher Output value, and the image lightens.
  Allow to take sample in image to set black or gray or white point
  Also allows to adust only red or blue  or green channel
 Exposure
  Just like Vibrance, Exposure is smart when dealing with the lightness of photo
 ------------------------
 Auto Levels
  Pixlr automatically adjusts the intensity levels
 ------------------------
 Invert
  Invert the pixels giving reel feeling
 Sepia
  Sepia tone is a photograph in warm shades of brown
 Solarize
  Simply put dark areas appear light and light areas appear dark.
 Desaturate
  Make image gray-ish
 Old Photo
  give a old photo look
 Cross Process
  This effect gives a high image contrast and blow-out highlights with strong yellow and green color casts.
 Threshold
  Allow you to partition an image into a foreground(white tone) and background(black tone)
 Posterize
  Entails conversion of a continuous gradation of tone to several regions of fewer tones, with abrupt changes from one tone to another
 Color Lookup
  Create a subtle or dramatic change in your photo’s appearance by applying a Color Lookup adjustment layer
  
Filter
 Blur
 Box Blur
 Gaussian Blur
 Sharpen
 Unsharp Mask
 Denoise
 ------------------------
 Noise
 Diffuse
 Scanlines
 Halftone
 Pixelate
 Pointinize
 Water Swirl
 Polar Coordinates
 Kaleidoscope
 Tilt Swift
 ------------------------
 Vignette
 Pastels
 Glamour Glow
 Mimic HDR
 Hope
 Art Poster
 Heat Map
 Tri Tone
 Night Vision
 ------------------------
 Emboss
 Engrave
 Find Edges

Tool
 Crop
 Move
 Marquee
 Lasso
 Wand
 ------------------------
 Pencil
 Brush
 Eraser
 Paint Bucket
 Gradient
 Clone Stamp
 Color Replace
 Drawing
 ------------------------
 Blur
 Sharpen
 Smudge
 Sponge
 Dodge
 Burn
 Red Eye Reduction
 Spot Heal
 Bloat
 Pinch
 ------------------------
 Colorpicker
 Type
 Hand
 Zoom
 
 
 Examples
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gF8CtggKafc - Make the Perfect Head Swap in Photoshop
 1. Has to fulfill 3 condition - Lighting source direction, skin tone, angle of face and body
 2. 
